Okay, we're finished with building and containerizing this application,
and we've gone through quite a few steps.
Let's go through and summarize those.
First, we're able to look at a base Docker image
and use that to build out the rest of our application.
Next, we went through and installed the packages by using the Docker file.
Then, we wanted to copy in the application,
so we took the Flask app,
we took the plugins,
we copied those packages,
and we put them inside of our Docker container.
Next, we went into app set up,
and so we were able to actually make sure that the ports were the correct ports,
and the ports were connecting to our host application.
Finally, we went to app start.
This is a really important final step.
What this does is, it verifies that when the container is built,
it'll actually launch and run,
and it's ready to actually be deployed in a production environment.
So it's a really important final step that really
is the last thing you should check off your list.
Once you've done that, the final thing we did was we went to a web browser,
and we verified that our application was running.
So this is really a pretty straightforward process once you get used to it,
and you can take what you've learned from this demo and apply it to your project.